Pass on my instructions
Suzhao Chaozhong three-grade Dayuan gathered in the imperial study
I gave him a quarter of an hour
Less than a quarter of an hour at your own risk
Yes wait
Lamb, the grandson of Duke Zhao Dingguo, came to observe
I just have a back
First Hong Luo, Guangyang County
It's Guanzhong again
Could it be that
Is it really going to destroy me and rob me?
Hey son
Do you remember this person?
Hey, remember
What are your orders?
You have been keeping an eye on this son of Prince Rong these days
On Friday he just goes out
You just stare
Find out his daily routine
That shouldn't be a problem, right?
Don't worry, son.
We are all retiring veterans
Stalking and killing
All benefit from the standard
supreme
Aren't you going to ask me what I want?
Ah, as a subordinate
Just do it.
other
Should not worry
Go ahead.
Yes
My son was on the street just now
I noticed that some little ladies' eyes were wrong
Do you know what's going on?
It should be afraid that the eldest son will secretly follow
Or a bunch of people knocked out at night and took it away
Or lower down and grab it
Or kill the husband first
Does this young master look so vicious?
Um oops
Master, you don't know
Since you started playing in court
The people of Chang'an are as unknown to you as a tiger
Linjiang City's means are even more terrifying to the ancients
This idea is indeed possible hahaha
You could have been more subtle.
Fight checkout
The guest official spent a total of 103 yuan
Well, I understand
The eldest son's subordinates
I have no money